	I was born Queen Aniopas, but everyone called me Queenie. I grew up in an environment the average American would consider a cult. My parents named me Queen because I was their first child, and as such they expected me to take over when they stepped down. I was never taught to read or write, or allowed to socialize outside of my leadership role. At age five I ran away, found a gas station, and placed a desperate call to the local police begging for help. 

	I remember that phone call so clearly. It still tenses my body when I think of how unsure, scared and excited I was waiting for the cops. The store clerk heard my side of call and after she recovered from the shock she kept telling me, “you did the right thing. You did the right thing.” As though she could know. I blocked her out, and imagined how wonderful the outside world would be compared to the seclusion and rules of what I called home. My redemption was on its way. 

	It turned out the real world failed to impress. I was placed in a foster home, but I was distant, and slow to adapt so I was sent away. I bounced around for a while, ending in legal emancipation at age sixteen. All this time I was completely ignorant that when I was escaping, Father and Mother were learning. 

	Within two years of my departure there were five children living on the compound back home. Mother and Father were lovingly grooming them for replacement. On a routine Department of Family and Children services visit three years later they were all removed to foster care. 

	So my parents stayed in charge, and continued bearing children in hopes that one might make it to leadership. Another set of children born, and history threatens to repeat itself when another DFACs visit takes them from the compound. The difference this time was a perfectly concealed secret; one small boy. 

	On this boy’s thirteenth birthday, the Internal Revenue Service and the Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms Agency held a joint raid on the now infamous Aniopas compound for tax evasion and weapons charges respectively. Believing this day to be coming for some time Father and Mother Aniopas had already stepped down permanently. In fact, the only person the IRS and ATF found alive was the thirteenth of the Aniopas children. Everyone else had gracefully laid down in the cathedral, poisoned, with Father at the sundial, forever keeping watch over the flock.

	It is the twentieth day of February today. Twelve Aniopas children, including me, return to their birthplace to claim the thirteenth, and mourn the rest. I am sure everyone has strong feelings about this return, but I think I have the most distance of all to travel. Many strands of fate have been set in motion in the twenty-one years since I last stood here, and for better or worse Father and Mother finally have what they always wanted. All their children have returned to the compound one last time.

	I wanted to see the bodies before the ambulances took them away, but only for a minute. I know I will go see Mother later at the funeral home, forced by the heavy gravity of proper etiquette. But by then she will be overly pampered and inauthentic. I needed to see all of them, everyone from my childhood, in this way Father obviously intended. I can’t see any other reason he would have made sure we all came.

	There are a few other children doing the same thing, and I begrudgingly remember they are my brothers and sisters. The introductions are awkward. It makes me feel a little better that Vivian looks just as nervous as I feel, but not long afterward a bonafide crowd has formed. All the other children keep checking me out in their periphery, looking at me as if I should know what to do. Now I remember exactly why I left. The last thing in this world I want to be responsible for is a brood of Father Drones.

	An exact copy of my eyes cut out like paper people, eleven times, all stare at me with fear, and loss. I feel sure the youngest will be no different, probably worse. Matthew Aniopas, the only child to live his entire life in this isolation, and I have never laid eyes on him. The only one of these children I knew personally before today was little Betsy, who is not at all little anymore. They were all born after I left, but Betsy found me years later through an agency.  

	She told me one of her foster families took her to church, and having to tell the story of our family always reminded her of a part in Genesis. Abraham begat Isaac and Isaac begat Jacob, so on and on, they all left, just like Abraham begat. Just like the ghosts that haunt Scrooge, here are all the pasts I believed I had left behind long ago, and this time they all want an answer. I can’t think of what to do so we just wait for Matthew to join the ranks of the ghosts.

	I only remember a few things from my childhood, so I fill the time confirming things with the others. I find one of the younger looking children, and accidentally startle him trying to get his attention. 

	"Hey, I am Queenie.”

	“Crap. Wow, sorry I am just a little jumpy. Hi, I am Isaac.”

	“Did they still make you wear masks? Is Matthew wearing one?”

	“The rules still say all the children wear these masks. They never told us why.”

	Betsy interjects, “One of my therapists said that Mother and Father believed if the adults didn’t know which children were theirs, they would treat any child as one of their own. But since almost all of the children were theirs I never believed him.”

	I remember that much clearly. Plain blue masks with pin sized holes for the eyes, and a wicked open grin for the mouth. It didn't matter much anyway what I might have been able to see, because it really just taught me not to watch. Not one of us twelve made it to taking off our masks in the proper way, an honor supposedly given on the sixteenth birthday. Yet, here we all are with eyes open wide. A shock hits my spine when I think of Matthew walking out still wearing his mask. Nobody actually answered my question. The only time I visited Betsy at her apartment I noticed she kept her mask hung on the wall. I drank the better part of a bottle of wine, working up the courage to ask why she had kept it.

	Betsy looked at me sideways, and I will never forget that face. Both of us are studying each other, and I usually hate it when people answer questions with a question, but on Betsy, somehow it works. 

	She asks, “Don't you ever like to remember?” 

	After a minute she says, “I definitely don’t want to live in that place, let alone be in charge, but every rare occasion in my mind, it is nice to visit.”

	I never feel that way. Little Betsy might be okay standing here, especially with Mother and Father gone, but I am afraid any moment my legs are going to betray me. My feet are dying to run, and a part of my brain can feel the release of it now. I could run away just like I did when I was five. This time nothing could bring me back. 

	Of course it is too late now. Here comes a ragged police officer, only this time with a little boy in tow. He is the thirteenth to my baker’s dozen of nightmares, and I am not sure what to make of him. He looks essentially like the rest of us, but there is some fundamental difference. 

	All of us, the Aniopas children, have a certain look: pale, drawn, skittish, weak. But Matthew isn’t. He is far too confident, and strong. It draws up my toes up to see he still has his mask on. I wonder why the police didn’t persuade him to take it off. Even from ten feet away, I can see a bright smile. There it is, Father's essence reincarnated here on a thirteen-year-old face. I am willing to bet all the money in my savings Father didn’t chose this timing because of a raid.

	The police officer takes in my stunned face, trying to get a judge for who I am in this situation, I guess since I am standing at the front. I answer the unasked question, unable to hide how flustered I feel.

	"I am the oldest Aniopas child. Queenie, um, sorry, Queen Aniopas."

	"Well, I am going to want to see identification before I release this child to you." It feels like he stops himself from finishing the sentence. I watch as he surveys the strange gathering, but I don’t see how he is really in a position to judge. Every one of us found a way to escape this circus, and I feel only justification being back here now. I would rather be a hundred miles away, but this is the right thing to do. I was completely sure of that until I looked into this cop’s face.

	"Please just say whatever you need to."

	"I would really like to take stock here, get everybody's name, and maybe a little statement?"

	If put on the spot I probably couldn’t name all the siblings surrounding me, but I suddenly feel an intense protective instinct for them. 

	"Why? What do you need a statement for?"

	"I am sorry, this is exactly what I was trying to avoid." His hands are up defensively, and it is a little strange to see a cop in such a submissive state. Something changed as though I am attacking him, and he is helpless. "It is just, I don't quite know how to say this, but we are having a hell of a time in there trying to sort things out. You thirteen are the only ones who know anything about what might have happened here. This little one hasn't been altogether very helpful, you see, so we really are just trying to get whatever information we can." 

	He spits out the words, as if they have been rolling to a boil inside his mouth, and once the lid bubbled over the whole mess just happened. It takes me a beat to process everything, and once I do the realizations fit together one right after another. Matthew has freaked this cop out badly. He has been disturbed by everything about this. He has been told to ask for this by his boss. 

	None of the information really helps in the moment, but especially in situations like this, the more information the better I can keep myself together. Usually if I fake things for a while, I can get somewhere useful. My mind is being uncharacteristically flighty though, because I just keep standing here with my lips working. Invisible, silent words changing nothing.

	Even though I keep thinking of them as children most of my brothers and sisters are grown adults who have been taking care of themselves for some time. They have a right to decide whether or not to speak to the police. I look at them, and I realize the eyes are what make me think of them as so young. Each set of eyes may be poised on a different body, but they are frozen at the age they left this hell. Some of them stay still, but the majority shake their heads ‘no’. I look at the cop who is still clearly uncomfortable. 

	"We need a minute. Is there somewhere we could get some coffee? Maybe some space to speak in private for a while? This is the first time some of us are even meeting each other, and this is," I gesture around vaguely, trying to catch as much as indicate. “Sir, it’s a lot to take in." The officer nods slowly, but this is clearly not the answer he was hoping to take back to his superiors.

	"I can't answer about the coffee. I haven't found any place like that."

	A little voice catches me off guard. Matthew is thirteen, so I had just assumed he had started puberty. Instead his voice rings out high as a soprano, and lyrical as bells. From the cringe on the police officer's face, this is only a small part of what has him on-edge.

	"There is a kitchen, and I could take you there."

	"We haven't found a kitchen."

	"And you won't. Only family can go there."

	I move between them, and Matthew’s eyes narrow in response. I am no longer afraid of Father, or this little punk. "How about we agree that you take us there now, and then after we have talked for a little while, we will come back and take the cops there."

	"We can't do that."

	The cop clearly isn’t buying it either. "I can't agree to that."

	"Matthew you are thirteen years old, you have no place to make demands around here."

	"I won't show any of you where it is, and then you will never know."

	"Matthew!"

	We all turn to see a girl standing among the crowd. She steps forward, and pushes Matthew on the shoulder before turning to me.

	"I remember where the kitchen is. Come on." 

	He grabs her by the elbow, and looks her deep in the eyes, "Saisez vous lieu, Tilly."

	The girl in question pauses for a moment, makes a decision, and turns away. Just for emphasis, she sticks out her tongue before marching on with the rest of the brood in tow. Things look so different from anything I remember. It was so much more primitive before. I read Lord of the Flies one summer, and the way it was described always evoked memories of the compound. But this is magnificent.

	I spent most of my morning in a little tent city the cops put together as their home base. It was maybe half a mile from there to the graveyard, and easy to find on my own, but twenty-one years before it was nothing more than a clearing in a field. A well for the wealth of the earth, a single gravestone to represent all those lost on the compound, and a sundial, the only means of telling time. Most of the citizens used day and night with things progressing organically from that, but it was one special citizen’s job to mind the sundial and alert the others of important dates and times.

	This morning following a trail of confused cops, I found a cathedral. The same well, grave, and sundial all still present, but now surrounded by impossible columns and ornate stained glass windows. The ceiling is a powerful sculpture, hundreds of figures all reaching towards the apex, with blank faces and delicate fingers grasping for something unknowable. And all the bodies underneath, none of them reaching any more, faces just as empty.

	At the time, I assumed the lavishness was isolated to the cathedral, but I see now the rest of the compound is just as extreme. There are meticulously tended roses, camellias, lilies, orchids, and some I have only ever seen in books. Inside there are works of art filling the walls, bold colored Kandinsky abstracts, and muted Barbizon landscapes. I can’t imagine how this happened. Where in the world did they get the money for priceless flowers, and how did they get their hands on these works of art? The whole thing is overwhelming, and I understand a little better why the officers are acting so strangely.

	I focus instead on Matthew’s proud strut through the hallway, seemingly untouched by the deaths of the day. The cop said earlier, that he intended to release this child to me. That makes me responsible for him.

	We arrive at an end cap doorway leading into an exterior break room stocked with a mini-fridge, round table, some uncomfortable chairs, and a drink display case holding water and juices. 

	Everyone files in, but Matthew turns quickly on the cop before he makes it over the threshold. Even though he comes up inches below the officer’s chin, something about Matthew’s presence causes him to freeze. 

	"This is an outer chamber, you stay out here. There is a full service kitchen in there, and that door through there is where we will be."

	There is no opportunity to argue as Matthew turns back around, and marches on towards the inner door. He pulls out a set of keys, unlocks the door, and gestures us through, making me infinitely uncomfortable. It worsens as he stands his ground, forcing everyone past his unreadable gaze to get through the door. There is a slam as the door is shut and locked, and all of my childhood claustrophobia comes rushing back.

	Inside, the room is dominated by a slab of a table, making the one outside look like kindling. The chairs are polished dark wood, worn but shiny clean. Each child chooses one, pitting Matthew and I at opposite heads of the table. I wish he would take off the mask. It feels like as long as he has it on, Father and Mother are still here, like the rules are still under effect. I always know how to break them, but I much prefer not dealing with them at all. But I saw the bodies, and they are dead. This thought soothes me more than feels proper. He is just a thirteen-year-old boy, and I am a twenty-six year old woman. 

	Just as I get a little of my confidence back, he breaks into that smile again, leering at all me in the expectant way Father had. I decide my only chance is to take control of this situation while it is still undecided.

	"I think we should all introduce ourselves, and get to know each other. I hate that most of us have never met, and I don't want to be here any longer than I have to." I stare directly at Matthew for a minute, but this only makes his smile widen. There is an air of agreement around the table, so my confidence is bolstered enough to continue.

	"I will start. I am Queenie. As far as I know I was the first born to," I stutter, realizing I don't even remember their real names. The police didn’t ask or say. I scramble my memory for an image of the police report. I know how this is going to taste, but I can’t give Matthew the opening. “I was the first born to Father and Mother. I am twenty-six years old, and I left here when I was five."

	One of the boys that had introduced himself earlier as Eric speaks up. "I don't remember any of these buildings when I was here. How elaborate were things when you were here?"

	Benjy is showing interest, and he leans forward eager to jump into the conversation. "I don't completely remember, but I know this kitchen wasn’t here, and the temple was nothing like that."

	"So you saw it too?"

	"You called it a temple? We called it the cathedral."

	"Yeah, us too!"

	"What group are you from?"

	The girl blushes, as if she didn't expect the attention to turn to her in that way. "I was from the next group. Beatrice, and I am eighteen now."

	"Yeah, and the pillars were there in the cathedral, and the library was there, and I know we had a primitive kitchen in this area."

	The boy next to him starts laughing, "Yup, they were just starting construction, but it was my naked phase that got us taken, so nothing was finished. But really, the DFACS woman was looking for any reason to get us out of here. I am Isaac, and we were all told about you. There weren't any pictures though, so of course I didn't know what you looked like. They would recite stories about you like fables. Warning tales for things we should and shouldn't do, stuff like that."

	For me this is a speed bump to further conversation. I didn't even know I had this much family until this morning, but Matthew knew about everyone. He knew about me, down to a detailed history. This must account for the general reverie between some of the groups. They grew up together. I was raised here all alone, and I was seventeen when I found out about Betsy. She told me about some of the others, especially her twin Anthony, but it felt like something distant. Now, here it is, right in front of me expecting answers to impossible questions. I feel bad for missing introductions while I was distracted, but so much worse when my eyes land back on Matthew.

	He is sitting back smugly. I see he is pleased with the direction the conversation is taking, but I don’t know why. I can hear just enough from Betsy to understand they are still discussing the various changes across the compound, but when Matthew clears his throat my heart sinks. Everyone looks obediently, of course. He is the only one who hasn't said anything yet, and not so coincidentally, he has the most up-to-date information.

	"The real question is what is going to happen next."

	I struggle to keep control, "Don't you want to introduce yourself?"

	His lip curls, and his voice is snide as he answers. "You all know I am Matthew, and I have lived here for my entire life. I am the thirteenth child to Father and Mother, and today is my thirteenth birthday. It is also coincidentally the first truly important day of all of our lives."

	Betsy responds haughtily, "What is that supposed to mean?"

	One of the boys snaps, "What do you think it means? The twerp wants us to do what Father and Mother wanted, take over. Do it again.”

	They all look at Matthew and wonder the same as me, will he deny it? He is still smiling, which I know isn’t a good sign.

	"None of you really understood what Mother and Father wanted. And because of Queenie's actions you were never given a chance to find out. Before you try to answer whether or not you want these things, I think you should better understand your choice."

	These aren’t his words, they can’t be. These are Father’s words.

	"I didn't decide anything for them. I have never met them!”

	The words come out, and hang sickly in the air. I didn’t mean it like that, but the stress is getting to me. Matthew just waves it off. 

	"That argument is moot. It is time for you to see things for yourself. If that is what you want to do, follow me."

	Matthew gets up, and moves towards what I had originally assumed was a pantry. Out comes the key ring, and another unlocked door reveals a staircase going both up and down. My mind reels. He stands in the same way as at the other door, intending to force everyone to face him again. I stay at the table, unsure of whether I even want to know where this staircase goes. I have no time to think as more than half of the others push out of their chairs.

	I see Father and Mother still have quite a hold on them. I get the feeling once Matthew came along, the rest were treated quite a bit better for it. Either way, the deciding factor is Tilly going through the door first, even though Matthew and she clashed earlier. Then goes Patrick, Isaac, and another girl. 

	Now the rest disentangle from the table, but stay in arms length of its vague idea of safety. Then I remember the other door is locked, and there isn’t much of a choice anyway. It isn’t like I could just sit at the table, and wait to hear what happens from the youngest members of our ragtag group.

	I wouldn't be able to try to protect them from up here. With that thought, I join the waiting group on the landing to see where this strange day will take me next. Matthew steps away from the door, and I sigh in relief when he doesn't lock it back. I was really hoping for a nighttime roof view, but by now I know better. There is no flash of surprise when the group heads downward. 

	There is no artwork on these walls, but stonework and sconces that look as if they could be hundreds of years old. Almost like a Celtic castle accidentally found itself here . After reaching the landing below I see a kitchen, old but clean, with an air of lower class. Everything is impersonal and set up for many hands to work on menial tasks. When Matthew walks over to a third door to unlock, my mind spirals a little. Have those all been different keys, or the same one? How many keys are on that ring, and how many locks does that correspond to in this compound? Every door with its own hell poised behind.

	Behind this door is a man sitting on a stool, and the small part of my mind that was hanging on breaks free. The police have done a spectacularly poor job of searching the compound, and I wonder did they just take Matthew’s word on everything. How could they not see that for the terrible idea it is, just as bad as implicitly trusting Mother or Father. The servant turns his head to the side and it is clear he has been in this kitchen his entire life. He is pale, with hands and face cracked from the constantly hot moist air. 

	"I see you have come."

	"What the hell is this? We need to get the police!"

	Matthew jumps at the opening, "Isn't that the same thing you did twenty-one years ago, Queenie? Run off to the police so they can fix all of your problems. Although he may not look like much this man was the liaison between Father and the staff, and he has a message he would like to deliver."

	"Yes, and I don't have much time. I took my poison at the same time as everyone else, but a much smaller dose so I wouldn't fade as fast. But I feel my strength leaving, so I must tell you the truth before I go. We weren't under any spell, or following some sort of lie. Every one of us living on the compound truly believed in your Mother and Father and we would do anything, even give up our lives to provide you with a clean slate. This was the happiest time of our lives, and we all very much hope you will continue with our project."

	Even though he has just plainly warned me, it doesn’t stop my reaction. He takes one last gasping breath, and slumps akimbo to the floor. Everyone in the room is stunned into a silent disbelief. Except for Matthew, whose smile has taken on a quality of Cheshire Cat-like delight. The look on his face pushes me straight past fear into rage. For the first time I am in Matthew’s face. 

	"You knew all of this! You knew he was going to do this, so you brought us down here to watch him die?"

	"This was his choice."

	Tilly speaks up again, and I am really starting to like this little girl. "That is bullshit, Matthew! You have set us all up. I never wanted to see any of this! What other tricks do you have in this horror house?"

	“This isn’t a horror house, it is our home! This is our destiny, and...”

	Matthew doesn’t even get to finish his sentence. The spell has been broken and everyone has something to say. The room fills with indistinguishable words, all angry. Matthew’s face shows the shift against him, and it is clear he was expecting a different reaction, though you can’t imagine how. 

	“Do you all follow Queenie without question? Don’t any of you want to come back and be in charge of this wonderful place?”

	“There isn’t anyone to be in charge of! Everyone who believed in this is dead.”

	There is a great thunder that sounds like a stampede, and then six large men burst through the door as though they expect it to be locked. I am terrified, until I recognize the policemen Matthew left in the outer chamber in the front. The largest man is the first to speak.

	“You have been hiding in here for an hour, and this is unacceptable. What the hell!” He notices the dead man in the closet, and pushes his way through the dumbfounded group of kids. 

	“Did you do this?”

	You answer ruthlessly. “Not exactly.” He doesn’t understand my implication, and instead gestures towards the rest of the men.

	“Take them into custody, I am going to get to the bottom of this.”

	“Fire! Fire! There isn’t enough time!”

	“Oh shit! Fire!”

	I look around and try to take stock of my family trapped in a burning room. There is Matthew, completely baffled at his brilliant plan gone awry. The cops are trying to hustle the children, and drag the dead man, but the room is small. I see Tilly run out of the far corner, and a candle drops from her hand. I think I am the only one who sees it, and within seconds behind her the drapes are completely engulfed. I feel the draw of getting lost in the flames, for just a minute I want to be gone. Isaac crashes into me on a trajectory towards the door, and it knocks loose whatever had locked inside my heart.

	I grab Matthew by the arm and haul him out the door with me as I hustle everyone else ahead. I keep ahold of the errant boy all the way out of the building, and across the yard to the tent city. I turn him around and as controlled as I can manage I rip off his hideous mask. What I find behind is the most beautiful image of Mother I have ever seen.

	“It was all a lie Queenie. Was it? It was all a lie, wasn’t it?”

	Twenty minutes later, we are all freshly unhand-cuffed and sitting on the grass. I just finished recounting what happened in the kitchen, but the Police Chief still seems unsatisfied. 

	“There is something you are clearly not telling us, and I want to know what it is right now.”

	Tilly responds, “We didn’t get here until after you did, and we haven’t been here for years. What could we know that you don’t?”

	He sneers towards Matthew, “He clearly knows something.”

	Some of my anger from earlier returns now that I have seen everything Mother and Father did to this little girl. I feel the need to protect her from any thing more.  “She just wanted us to stay here with her. She is a little girl, kept in isolation and told she was a boy, the promised one. She is afraid and doesn’t want to leave home.”

	I can see his top gums his lip is curled back so far. “Well, that isn’t an option now anyway, is it? Even if it hadn’t burned down, it has all been seized under our investigation. It is going to take a long time to go through everything.” 

	I kneel down to her level, and try to be as comforting as our history allows. “It isn’t going to work Matthew. You have to let it go. You are going to tell these cops whatever they want to know, and then we are going to leave here as a real family. You are going to have to move on.”

	The look on Matthew’s face as she fights my words rips at my heart. I can see a part of her has been expecting this all day. She was in charge, and even convinced the police that there was something untouchable about her. I walk over, and put my hand on her shoulder. I wait for her to react, resist, but the fight is gone. I wrap my arms around her tight little shoulders, and the specter of Father disappears. 

	It isn’t until later, after the police have had their fill, and all the Aniopas children have decided where they want to eat out for dinner, a task unto itself, that I begin to worry again. I am riding in the car with the unmasked, exposed little Matthew in the backseat. I expect to look in the rearview and see her sleeping after the day she has been through. Instead she is looking out the window. The odd smile is back, and I remember. Mother was the methodical one, Father was impulsive. I wonder if I will ever be truly comfortable around this girl. It will just take time, and hopefully I won’t be the one broken in the end, because she is my responsibility now.