Veratas

	"You should consider yourself lucky child. You could have been taken to the camps, but there aren't any trains today. Instead you can take your chances in the uncontrolled sector, never to return. Even if you find something to eat, it will be infected, and kill you just as quick." 

	He lets loose a guttural laugh that reminds me of a chain smoking Santa Claus I saw once as a child. The bastard is taking so much pleasure in my shame. He kicks me behind the knees and I fall flat. With my hands tied behind my back I have no way to catch myself. 

	At this moment I feel the lowest in my life, and not just physically. When I watched my wife dragged away with a bag over her head I had no idea why. I was so confused, and unsure. Now I am full of righteous fury, clear and thorough in my purpose. The rough uncaring soldier is incorrect. This has nothing to do with luck, I planned it this way.

	A time that seems that like ages ago, I was a bodyguard to the elite and very familiar with the train schedules. The guard turns towards the series of gates, and I don’t move. I won’t give him the satisfaction of my struggle.

	"You and your kind make me sick. I wish I could shoot you." The guard signals to the men at the top to let him through. I know that after the first solid slam he has six more gates before he is sealed inside the Controlled Sector.

	I wait until I hear three snaps meaning he is closer to them than me, and I roll over, sit up, and take my bearings. I am officially on the outside now. I feel a strange thrill at a freedom I haven’t known in years, but I know it is really just adrenaline. That won’t last for long, and it will be night in about three hours. I will probably be hungry soon after that. Just as I bend my knees to launch into the air I hear the first noise signaling I am no longer alone. I scan the bushes near the crunching, and I hear a soft voice.

	It is anxious, and not comforting. It comes from west of my position, the opposite of the city that just banished me. After a few minutes I pick out a tune I barely recognize.



	"We listen where our hearts may go,

	Question as we may

	But listen to your heart too much

	And reason will decay.

	Your brain can tell the path to choose,

	But ask it only wise,

	If your brain should somehow take control

	Your life shall be but trials"



	It is probably just a drifter mentally affected by the disease, but I could really use another pair of hands. I think it is a girl, and I still can’t see her. My decision is made when she speaks to me.

	"You will be in a great deal of pain soon, or you won't feel anything at all."

	“Yes, that is to be expected."

	Compared to her soft voice, mine sounds too articulate, abrasive. There is a chance the men in the towers can still hear me, so I work to modulate.

	"What pain are you talking about?"

	"You are only a noncitizen if you choose to be."

	I briefly hope she will elaborate, and when she doesn’t I think, crazy girl. I decide to ignore her, and focus on getting to my feet with some semblance of grace. Just the idea of this makes me stop and laugh. To be stuck in this middle of this, and I am still concerned with grace. Maybe I will ask her, the woman I am going to see, why I still feel this way. The glorious Saniya, she will save us all. First things first, I need to get my hands free. I am looking around for anything sharp, and I realize I want to talk, even if it is with someone crazy.

	"So I am only a noncitizen if I want to be. That sounds like propaganda. You either want to taunt me from the bushes or you want to try to reform me. I just learned from this terribly friendly guard now I am out here I can never go back in there."

	“You seem to believe this is a fact; it isn’t.”

	"Then what was that about pain earlier?"

	The girl emerges from a wall of bushes, and sits just at the perimeter. She has an odd way of folding herself underneath the foliage so that the men above in the towers wouldn’t be able to see, but she is now unobstructed to me.

	"Well, they haven't turned off your chip yet."

	This finally gets my attention. "What?"

	"They haven't turned off your chip yet."

	I stop searching, and look at her. "Hey cryptic, you want to help me out with this?"

	"You will have to come over here."

	I walk slowly over to her and weigh the risk. She appears small, and malnourished. She was probably abandoned at a young age and ran away to the uncontrolled sector because she had no other choice. Thanks to my previous training this small girl should pose no problem, but as I draw closer she draws a knife from her boot, and flips it open with an audible click.

	That would certainly even out a fight. I finally decide gaining my hands is worth the risk in her eyes. I kneel down so that she can reach my hands from where she is huddled, and I feel her cold fingers as they separate the ropes from my arm. The knife blade is still warm from her boot, but the heat does not keep me from flinching as it presses against my skin. One slick, practiced movement and the rope falls apart on the ground. I quickly stand and rub my wrists, glad to have my eyes back on her.

	The adrenaline is wearing off, and I can see my surroundings more clearly now. I pace the clearing a few times, and then make my way to the small tree directly above her. With a little hop I take a seat in a V between the branches.

	"I'm not even sure where to begin."

	The girl's voice is just as soft and even as before, and I am sure she has the knife away by now. "It is quite a lot to process."

	"So you were banished once?"

	"Something like that."

	I pause again, and I know better than to expect her to continue, but I still sort of hope.

	"So when will they turn my chip off? How do you know they haven't already?"

	"Something like that."

	She lets out a chittering laugh, and it seems a shattering contrast to the guard’s earlier guffaw. It must all come from the same place, my desire for grace, and the ability to laugh in these times. When the girl resumes talking I realize my options are much more grim than I knew. I am losing faith that she is crazy, even while I hope for it more deeply.

	“I myself have never had the misfortune of those chips, but as you must have guessed I have been near this boundary for quite some time, and I have seen many like you. I think it is ironic the guard believes no one knows the train schedule, but that is the ignorance of the inside. Out here there is nothing but cold sharp truth, all day. And sometimes it cuts.”

	I am not sure if she is waiting for a question, but I have nothing. I am taking in her words, and applying it to my own knowledge.

	“Now concerning that chip, they will turn it off twenty-four hours after you leave the eyesight of the guards in the tower up there. They will type a few codes into the computer, and the timer begins. As it turns off it will overheat the circuits frying it permanently into your hand. If you survive the only way anyone will take you into their clan is without a fried hand. They will cut it off."

	"How do I stop it? What do I do!"

	"We remove it first."

	This doesn't sound like a pleasant alternative. I am sure the plan does not involve anesthesia or clean utensils, more of the luxuries and wonders the inside provides. On the other hand, I am experienced in the sound and smell of burning flesh and can only imagine the feeling as that much worse.

	A few moments while I try to find my voice. "What do you need me to do?" My voice sounds as resigned as I feel.

	"I think you will do just fine out here."



	For just a minute I can imagine the last twelve hours as just a dream. I can't remember anything clearly through the fog of the sleeping pills, but the throbbing in my hand tells me it was all real. For a moment I berate myself, questioning how I could trust some random girl after all the betrayal in my life. But my fears are unfounded as I slowly pry my eyes open and find the girl offering me some ice wrapped in a cloth. I hold it first to head and neck, and then my hand.

	"Am I supposed to be putting ice on my wound?"

	"Not sure. I never did get around to real medical training while on the inside, but I have been a part of this a few times and it's what I have always done. Only leave it on for five to ten minutes at a time though." I look at her, and then her wrist wondering how I should know ten minutes from thirty out here.

	"Don't worry, I'll let you know." She cracks an oddly crooked smile, pulls out a pocket watch, and clicks it open and closed a few times.

	"I have no idea if it is set to what they believe the time to be, but it's useful as a timer for things like this."

	"So you come out on every Tuesday and just collect the people that are banished?"

	"Well, the fact that it is Tuesday is news to me, but every other daylight there are two people ejected from the walls. You must be special, you were all by yourself."

	"I take personal pride in being a big enough betrayal to them they don't even want other noncitizens to know I turned coat."

	"I don’t think you can begin to guess how true that is, yet. When I tell you its time to take off the ice you must make a choice. I can take you back to my camp for a few days, or we may split our paths. It is completely up to you."

	"Is there a particular reason I wouldn't want to come back to camp with you?"

	"My dear boy I have known you for less than twenty-four hours, and for a good part of that you were unconscious. You may have plans of your own, since you seem like a person who did not let this happen lightly, nor by accident."

	I wonder if she meant to set me so far off when we first met. This lady is clearly not crazy, although I had deduced that far before I let her operate on my hand. She is so far beyond that, though, she is incredibly intuitive. She sees so far inside, almost an inability to communicate on a more basic level than the highly astute. She was able to pull back my usual facade of apathy and find my true deep desire, to make things right. 

	"You are right, I do have a purpose. I need information first, shelter, and food. Are you the leader of your group? I have valuable information that would be of use to your leader."

	"You could say that. It's been seven minutes, how does it feel?"

	"It feels all right for being all cut up."

	"Is it still bleeding?"

	"How would I know?"

	"Is there blood on the dressing?"

	"No.”

	"Then I think you are fine. Hand it to me." I give her back the ice pack, and she puts it in a knapsack slung over her shoulder. She also has a bow, complete with a quiver of a few arrows, hung on a strap over her shoulder. Finally at her side is a thin sword which looks too dainty compared to the surrounding rugged wilderness, but somehow next to her it seems perfectly appropriate.

	Earlier she told me I needed to sleep for her to cut the chip out. In order to do that we had to go somewhere she could come out from below the leaves. She lead me almost a mile away where she told me even the tower guards couldn't see, and we knew they had started the official countdown. By this point I decided, either way I couldn't win. We found a stream, and she stepped out from the thick greenery. I realized that when she stands tall she is not a meek girl. She holds a posture indicating she has gotten far very young, and lost just as much in that time. Now with her primitive weapons I can't help but ask the obvious question.

	"Your knife is professional, and it was gotten from a real guard. Not the underling that escorted me out, but a real Serpent's knife. So why do you have a flimsy sword or the bow and arrow? Couldn't you have gotten a gun?"

	"Sure I could, but just because I can have one doesn’t mean I want one. It all depends on the type of person. Am I someone that runs in like a bull with my only aim being to smash? Or am I quiet as a mouse with a very strong bow, a very sharp arrow, and incredible aim?"

	"All right, but then who are you?"

	"You know I don't have a proper name. We out here are nothing. We are lower than the demons that were named in the fables."

	"But you don't really believe that. I know you don't."

	"You are right, I don't. All right then sir, what is your given name?"

	"Originally my name was Wetherford Fjord. I am pretty sure my parents secretly hated me. When we unified I was given the name Veratas, which means..."

	“Truth, I know it means truth. Which is quite ironic given that their entire regime is built on lies. So given that your knife, being the one strapped inside your jacket, means that you were once a bodyguard to the elite, I wonder how your job involved the truth."

	"Could we stop here? My hand kind of hurts again.”

	"Of course." She looks around for a moment, steps through some foliage, and sits down on a large rock. She takes the ice back out of her bag, this time with a canteen, and gives them both to me. 

	Finally she takes out a flask, then an apple out of the bag, and settles back against a tree trunk. She seems to fold in on herself again. This must be a natural reflex to feeling exposed. It is a handy trick, clearly one learned over time, and it renders the Serpent's general theory of higher ground useless. She takes a few shots from the flask, and then offers it to me. I barely let the powerful taste of moonshine hit my tongue before tossing it down my throat. I have to chug from the canteen to wash the burn away. It tastes different but hauntingly familiar. I can't even put words to it anymore, like forgetting your Kindergarten teacher's name.

	"What is that?"

	"Dr. Pepper.”

	"That's incredible, how did you manage to find that? After so long…”

	"Don't forget to hold the ice to your hand. You are so surprised about the soda, and yet you take the frozen substance for granted."

	She pauses again for a moment, and I lay the ice on my hand before drinking more of the delicious caffeine. "I am the leader of my group, and very interested in what you have to tell me. I would also like to know more about the mission you believe yourself to be on."

	It is this moment I realize I have lost the power in this conversation. It is hard to say whether this is good or bad, or whether it could even be categorized in that way at all. It strikes me as odd, a girl who pulls herself tight into a ball at every opportunity has the strength to best someone trained against just this sort of thing. I used to hear my grandfather call that the sidle up and smile, and I am sure it stems from her keen observation.

	"Well, I need to see a woman named Saniya. That's as much as I can tell you."

	"And what will you do when you see her?"

	"Do you know her?"

	"Yes, we connect occasionally. Once you see more of the land here it will become clear that we all stay within the same circle. There aren't that many of us."

	"I have heard so many things about her. She is going to save us all. I know it is true."

	"How does your hand feel?"

	"Good, and there is still no bleeding. You say you didn't get any medical training?"

	"Not me, but like I said before there aren't that many people out here. We all have to learn to do our jobs. As we walk, would you feel more comfortable telling me about what you have heard about Saniya or what you have to tell her?"

	The truth is I don’t want to talk about either, but I don’t want to offend someone who could prove to be valuable.

	"I would prefer to talk about the things I have heard, because I think even as much as I trust you it wouldn't be safe to talk about the other thing."

	"I appreciate the fact that you trust me, and I also understand your need for secrecy. The actions of humans these days are complex."

	"How much longer before we get to your camp?"

	"You will probably want to stop again before we arrive. It will be full dark by then, so we will be careful. The Serpents are always more restless at night."

	“I heard Saniya is secretly in charge of the entire Uncontrolled Sector. She is a great warrior, and she has a scream like in this show before the unification, Xena. I never watched the show but I have heard it imitated, and it is famma. I learned that for her, too. She speaks Latin, and so do those who walk with her."

	"When you find her, ask her 'quotus moda terra firma' she always gets a kick out of that one."

	"What does that mean?"

	“You will have to ask her."

	We are quiet for a while, and I try to see what is out there. It looks like any woods, the kind that can overwhelm a child quickly. In a second they go from following a trail to turning in circles, and yelling for someone who might miss them. I look a little closer and I see the trees are mostly deciduous. There is the faint smell of ocean in the air. I haven't seen a Pre-Unification map in over thirty years, and I have trouble placing us geographically. It could be one of a dozen places in the northern hemisphere near water. I can’t see any people in the thickness of the forest surrounding us. I try to stretch my ears for any sound, possibly from her camp, but I still can't detect any presence of life. She interrupts my internal wanderings with her question.

	"This is the last safe place to stop before camp, would you like to sit?"

	"Sure. I don't know if I need the ice, but the flask would be welcome."

	"You can have both. Even if you don't feel it now, without the usual drugs it will hurt more than you are prepared for."

	I take the ice first, the flask, and the chaser. This time after she sits, the girl pulls out her boot knife, and begins slicing the apple she has been tossing around. After eating a few slices she holds one out to me. I take it, and watch the last rays of sun disappear behind the trees. I have no idea what is going to happen next, but I still don't feel afraid. I am not sure that I can really trust this girl, but I also feel she isn't an immediate threat. No matter how accurate she claims to be with her bow. She checks her pocket watch a little while later, and measures me carefully.

	"When we get up we are going to walk for a while. If we yelled strong, they would probably hear us at the camp now. When we get there I will find you a bunk, and get you some real food. We will need to redress your bandages, and something to help you relax. However, I can assure you that when you are finally left alone you are going to break down, and we don't have any medicine for that. Whatever you need, we will do our best to try, but we also can’t let you put us in danger. You have been through a lot, I would venture for quite some time, and you are coming closer to a point where it will catch up to you. We should go now."

	“Not a lot of time for conversation.”

	“I’ll let you know when I find some.”

	She replaces everything back into her sack, and the walk seems shorter than she said it would be. A different young woman comes charging up towards us.

	"Unitas! I am so glad you are back! There are voices of at least two men coming in from the far side. They are unfamiliar, and they sound militia trained.

	"Unitas! Thank you for coming to find me. This may be the group we have been waiting for. If you could please find Cadeau she can take care of our new friend. His name is Veratas. Make sure she checks the wound thoroughly, we are getting close to our twenty-four hours. He will also need to eat, he slept an awfully long time so I was more concerned about getting him to Cadeau than feeding him properly. Tell Chronos, Kairos, and Cercis to meet me at the Market, and we will see who we are dealing with.”

	“Absolutely, Saniya, it will be done in haste."

	This grinds everything to a halt. There were so many names flying past and they all sounded vaguely familiar. Chronos and Kairos are two brothers that had also been bodyguards, but they had chosen to jump the walls, and cling to the freedom of the other side. Cercis was supposedly Saniya's assistant, so that fit in a surreal sort of way. Unitas represents the last names taken by those who rule the Uncontrolled Sector. It means unity, and is exponentially more dangerous than taking a first names. Last names are reserved for a handful of elite humans alive today. It is also used as the outsiders customary greeting, if what I just saw means what I think.

	"You are Saniya? This whole time, you heard me talking, I sounded like a fool. And you were just laughing at the ridiculous idiot getting himself banished for nothing."

	She walks, motioning for me to join her. I resist at first, but the new girl lifts my hand and I see I am bleeding again. Whoever she is, Saniya or not, she is right about my impending deadline. I walk slowly towards her, relying heavily on my new keeper.

	"Where are my manners, this lovely lady with us is Demario. She is Cadeau's assistant, only because Cadeau was originally French and sees herself as needing an assistant. Anyone else would just consider them friends. Yes, my name is Saniya, but I am not the woman that you were talking about. She is a mythical martyr created as the snake in the grass. I just want people to be happy, and I know that things can be different. I would still like to hear the things you need to tell Saniya. I am afraid it will have to wait for just a little while, though."

	The pain in my hand reminds me of our respective deadlines. “I’ll think about.”

	We split paths and she is almost out of earshot, when I turn back to her. "So, quotus moda terra firma?"

	“The way to firm ground is veratas."


Cercis

	"If Saniya does not get here in fifteen minutes I am going to meet these militibus where they stand and show them who they are coming after!"

	I sigh at Chronos and his inability to not fight. As cute as he can be, he gets so agitated when he knows he can cause destruction, but isn’t allowed. Much like a child who sees cake, and cannot yet eat it.

	"Saniya will be here when she can. She is very busy, and does not see absolutely everyone as a threat like you do."

	"And you Cercis are a cunni."

	"And only you could make Latin, the language of the enlightened, sound like cacovo."

	"My goodness, is this the language that my clan uses in my absence? The world will never do for everything to be all cunts and shit."

	Saniya cackles in her unique way as she breaks from the trees and comes to stand next to me. Like every other time I feel the immense power and calm I missed while she was gone, but can’t remember until she comes back.

	"Chronos started it. He could barely wait for you to get here, let alone his brother."

	"Where is Kairos? We should move forward soon. They must be getting close."

	Chronos answers, "He was helping Cadeau with some things when I left. I told him to put his pants on, and hurry himself this way. He can't be far now.”

	Saniya smiles at Chronos' bluntness, and I think it is what she loves most about him. I can't even imagine.

	"Well, as we wait shall I tell you about our newest arrival or would you like to go into more detail about Kairos and Cadeau?"

	"Please, please tell us about the recruits!" I nearly yell. "Chronos hasn't stopped talking about them for days."

	This time Saniya's smile is for me. "Well, it was only one today." She pauses. "I think he may be very special indeed."

	"Special how?"

	"I can’t be sure yet. He has a lot to work through before I can know if he will be useful. I know being sent out alone means they think he is important. You know how their priorities can be."

	"Futuenovi!" comes loudly from the woods directly north of our position. It is clearly not Kairos or anyone from our clan. The Latin explicative does indicate they are either noncitizens, or perhaps trying to hide among them. Either way, they are terrible at keeping their position secret.

	"It seems we are not going to be able to wait for Kairos this time. Cercis if you could please leave a message for him to stay here and protect the camp, and next time keep his pants a bit closer to the bed."

	Chronos snorts, and I can't help but laugh a little. I write the message, and leave it on the Market counter, while Saniya readies her bow. She doesn’t raise it, just holding it down and ready. I have seen from experience how little time it takes her to aim and shoot, but it still speaks loudly that she doesn’t see these men as a threat. She signals for me to do the same with my bow when I am done with the note, and doesn’t tell Chronos to take out his guns. She rarely does unless the situation is desperate. It has nothing to do with taking a life, but she hates to use such a loud weapon, especially something as distinctive as a gunshot.

	Once I am ready she lets Chronos take the lead north.

	"What do we know?"

	I answer, "Well, you already know they speak some of the true unification language. We have confirmed two men, but it sounds like a third pair of feet are with them. They have spoken of some fighting which is why Chronos and Kairos assumed militibus."

	"But the clan we are expecting also has three sets of feet."

	"Yes, this is true. Did we have prior knowledge of how many male and female?" 

	"Remember we never heard in the message who would be coming to help, just that some sort of help is coming soon.” 

	"But you said before that you knew who it was." 

	"I have an idea of someone who would send me a message like that." 

	Saniya is quiet for some time. She usually doesn't have to think this hard before she knows the right answer. She has said many times that is the perk of being on the side of good, the decisions are so much clearer. It is actually following through that is the hard part. I want to ask what has her stuck, but even though I feel like now isn’t the moment.

	"You will never believe what our recruit's name is." She pauses for a moment, and then whispers "Veratas." My eyes turn to saucers, and my breath catches for a fraction of a second. 

	"That was his name inside? What did he do?" 

	"That my darling is still a mystery. I believe he was some kind of bodyguard, but for whom or what I wish I knew." 

	Kairos turns back to us and we grow quiet, walking softly. It isn't long before we hear steady voices coming towards us. Saniya stays perfectly still where she is, listening more than seeing. They are close enough we can hear snippets of their conversation. 

	"Keep your tongue Kurt, it is nearing mid of night and the Serpents are all around." 

	"I was just wondering if there would be better women available than the princess at this camp." 

	“I’ll show you a princess, mentula.”

	Saniya's eyes narrow as she takes in the name of one of the men. She draws her bow to the ready position, and I do the same. Kairos looks eager to get out his gun, but settles for his boot knife. The three are close enough so that as they round the bend we step directly into the path in front of them.

	The largest one in the middle immediately reaches for the gun on his side, but there is no hope with our weapons are already drawn. Saniya quickly points her bow to the sky, and aims a kick to his hand knocking his gun to the ground. He seems surprised for a few seconds, and then a dirty scowl steals across his face.

	Saniya's voice is still calm, although it takes on an edge of authority. "What business do you have here?"

	I expect the largest to be the one to step forward, but instead the female in the group tosses her head to the side and snaps, "Who are you to ask me such a question?"

	The two males look at the female, as though this happens often but they still can't believe it every time. Saniya’s jaw drops open, she lowers her bow, and stares at the largest of the males. He turns, and seeing her face he can’t help himself from nearly falling down with laughter. Soon the other male and Saniya are also bent over laughing, and it is our turn to watch them with dumb looks on our faces.

	Finally she gains her composure enough to explain the joke. She points at the larger of the two males, "This is Kosten, and we knew each other long before the unification. He went into the exercitus for our enemy, which is how I knew when you said they seemed militibus that it had to be him. He was one of the first to literally jump the seven walls to the Uncontrolled Sector. He only got shot twice in the process. This wonderful gentleman here is his second in command, Kurt, who also has some certain unsavory training."

	At what seemed like the same time both Saniya and Kurt draw the swords that hang at their side and begin to fiercely duel. After a few moments of metal on metal, Saniya manages to lock bells with the wiry boy. She plants her foot directly on his chest knocking him backwards. It is clear this is a harmless game they have played many times. But Saniya goes off script when she performs a neat pirouette back around and places the point of the very sharp saber underneath the previously unidentified girl's neck. She looks shocked, and her eyes bely her desire to reach for her gun. Thankfully she decides better, none of us can afford a shoot out at this time of night.

	"And what is your name?"

	"Reina."

	"Well, Reina, I would suggest in the future you not be so rude. First impressions matter, especially out here. Now the fact that Kosten and Kurt have not immediately asked me stand down means you haven’t traveled with them for long. I am guessing they also don’t have a particularly strong feeling about your life. This one time, I will let your impolite behavior pass. But you should know that on this side of the wall you should be well liked, or you will be nothing. I am assuming you want to live." Saniya replaces her sword back to the loop on her pants.

	She walks over to where her bow and arrow lay abandoned on the ground. She returns the arrow to the quiver, but not the bow. I know this means she still doesn’t feel completely safe, probably just prepared for a retort on the new girl’s ego hit. I follow in kind, and Chronos replaces the blade to his boot, although he keeps his eyes locked on Kosten and Kurt clearly expecting them to make trouble.

	"We should head back to camp. It was a banishing day and it was a special one. I am sure that you gentlemen, and lady would love some food. Chronos put on your happy face and show them to their spaces. Cercis, with all these new visitors I believe we should have ourselves a celebration. What do you think?"

	My mind begins to race with all the possibilities for a celebration. It has been months since we felt safe enough.

	"Don't forget we have to go to the library, and the fields in the early morning before the Serpents get to it."

	Kurt speaks up, gesturing to himself and Kosten. "We would love to offer some help in the fields, that is where we generally spend our time."

	I jump at the opportunity, and pause to match my step to his. We start a lively conversation about the general crops we get in this area, and where they came from. It isn't long before we are back, and Chronos wedges himself in the middle to lead Kosten and Kurt to their part of camp. I smile after him, and just before he walks away he leans in to ask if he can find his way to my area later.

	"Of course." I am probably blushing, although admitting it to myself would have only made it worse. Saniya’s grin at Kosten looks just as smitten, as he follows Chronos. She turns her smile my way, and walks over to meet me.

	"I had a feeling you might find him interesting. I am also certain that he would gladly duel with you later, if you ask correctly. But be warned he is very devoted to Kosten. They have been through things that only people like you and I can know."

	I watch her eyes for a long minute, trying to see exactly what she telling me. "What about that Reina girl?"

	"I have my own theories there. But I must be off to make sure Veratas is taken care of, and I should find Kairos and have a talk. Then I need to visit the group of noncitizens we took in a few days ago. I heard they are ready to head out to the West. Please do your best to keep camp safe while I attend to my duties."

	“Absolutely, Saniya. I will take a rest and be available. Then I will do a pass once you head west with them."

	We part ways, and I head south to my area. I dig up a very beaten pre-unification copy of William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet ,and get lost in an epic I know will last for at least a few hundred pages.

Veratas

	I am lying on a hammock. Demario and Cadeau gave me a mild sedative, and quickly redressed my bandages. By the time they brought me a plate of food, I didn't think I could say, 'thank you' one more time. Then they left me alone for a little while.

	I kept hearing it in my head, quotas moda terra firma? Veratas. Which way to firm ground? Truth. Then it hits me just like Saniya had warned. The intense and overwhelming fear for what I have done. There is no way I could prepare to be apart from everything I have known for my entire life. Suddenly I am flooded with memories from my early life, before the unification. The time before we knew we should be afraid. Now the enemy is blindingly clear, and much too large to fit under the bed.

	Just this morning, or maybe yesterday, I was walking with the guards to the walls. We were walking up the sidewalk like we were off to have a picnic, as if such a thing even existed anymore. On either side were houses filled with people who had no idea. They believed everything around them was working just as it should. That they should have chips implanted in their hands capable of tracking their every movement, contain their money, and determine every aspect of their lives. They ignore the people dragged from their homes at three 0' clock in the morning never to return.

	I am allowing myself think of the night only a few years ago when that very thing happened to the love of my life, when I hear a soft familiar voice from the other side of the canvas.

	"Unitas."

	It is such a simple phrase, but in her voice it is a question and an invitation in one. It takes a minute before I find my mouth to answer back, "Unitas."

	She pulls back the canvas and steps soundlessly through the flap. She takes the time to remove her bow, quiver, and saber and place them in the corner. She takes off the knapsack as well, but places it on the floor between her feet. She opens it up and takes out the canteen from earlier.

	"I apologize; I can't let you have the liquor this time. I am afraid that is what caused you to bleed again earlier, and it would interact with your sedative in an unpredictable way. Do you think you can settle for just the chaser?"

	"Is it still Dr. Pepper?"

	She laughs a little, and nods so I eagerly unscrew the top and drink a long slug. I set it down on the table between us with my half eaten lunch.

	"So you find yourself in a bit of a downward spiral?"

	I pick back up the canteen and drink again, mostly to hide my ire at her ability to read me so well. "Yea, a little bit, maybe."

	"Don't take it personally. I am sure you can tell I have done this quite a few times. Sometimes it feels like most of what I do. Just a little while ago I sent a group of six people banished over the past week out to the West. We believe that there is quite a bit of land over there the Serpents haven't touched yet.”

	She seems lost in thought for a second, but I don’t feel in the mood to give her any ground.

	"What about earlier? I still feel like a raving lunatic for what I said about Saniya. I mean at any point you could have told me it was you."

	"I am sorry for making you feel foolish. At first I had no idea you knew who I was. I hold high respect outside the walls, but there you stepped fresh out of the gates. It was quite a lot to live up to. I would love to hear this ‘Xena' yell, that is new and most intriguing."

	I chuckle, but I know it is from the drugs. The wound is still too fresh. “You still could have told me when we stopped, or anytime before letting Demario just say it."

	"I appreciate you feel betrayed, but it may be time for you to reappraise the things that are good about this and let it go."

	I sit up and take another chug from the canteen. My hand is feeling better. Even through the fog, I know she is right. Dragging around my past will slow me down more than anything out here.

	"So what do you need to know?"

	She pauses and smiles, this time to herself. She looks at me directly in the eyes and says, "Veratas."

Saniya

	I catch about two hours of sleep before Cercis finds me to let me know the sun is about to rise. I make my way carefully to the wall, but there are no new banished today. I use the trip back to enjoy some quiet time. It seems like camp is filled with at least a dozens people these days. When I get back, we all walk to an old abandoned town four miles northeast the Serpents haven’t completely razed. Some of the library, and most of the good soil is left behind. We take turns finding books and filling our bags with vegetables still able to bloom in the quickening cold. Although our land is technically large, most of us stay within the area of the ones they trust.

	Part of that means if we find land that can still grow crops we plant seeds, and save any of the pre-unification information we can. 

	By the time we get back to camp it is almost sundown, and the air is full of excitement for the celebration. Cadeau and Demario are busy preparing food, and Chronos and Kairos take their time building up the fire in the middle of camp. Kosten stops by to let me know his clan plans to sleep as they can.

	I am sprawled out on a roughhewn bench, and halfway through a mostly intact pre-unification copy of Fahrenheit 451 I am revisited by Kosten.

	"Saniya, do you have a moment?"

	“Unitas. Absolutely." I spin around so that my legs are on the ground, and half the bench is open to him. He sits with militibus accuracy, many habits still deeply ingrained. I knew him long before he joined the elite, and I saw his face the day he jumped the wall. The look he has now is somewhere comfortably in between, but the fire still threatens somewhere close behind the surface.

	"I got this for you." He holds out a stuffed animal that looks like it has seen better days. "I found it in the children's section of the library today. I thought you might like it."

	I think this is a joke, so I start laughing. I don't intend to hurt his feelings, but I quickly see this means more to him. It means something I don’t understand. It is one of the oddest things I have ever seen. I take the stuffed animal and turn it over in my hands. It is a silly long-eared puppy, brown and white, with dirt and holes in a few places. It strikes me as so intensely out of place in this time of unrest.

	"Thank you very much. Although I hope he doesn't eat much, I can't really afford another mouth."

	We both laugh this time, and when his eyes meet mine there is less of the fire, and more of the kindness. I can feel there is something more he wants to say, but I am starting to wonder if he ever will. He never lets this kindness show for long. The desire evaporates, and he plucks the book from my hands, flipping to a random page.

	"Tell me this is not what you're going to read at the campfire? Far too ironic."

	I scoff. "Absolutely not! Cercis is finding a Native American story from one of Cadeau’s new age-y books. I think I know which one she is going to pick, but she could always surprise me."

	There is a pregnant pause that stretches almost to the point of uncomfortable.

	“Do you ever wonder why we do things like this? Read books from a world we barely even remember?”

	“That’s why isn’t it? So that we can remember?”

	“Remember something that doesn’t even apply to us anymore. Maybe we should be writing something new.”

	I am not sure how to respond to him. I get this is very important to him, but I need to cling to what we came from. I have to believe that will still exist. He breathes deep for a minute, and I feel the distance between us grow farther.

	"Its sort of hard getting used to this life on the outside. It's been a little over a year since I was in the safety of those walls, clueless what was going on out here. But it looks like to me you were cut from it."

	He makes a face, and he moves a little further. He always prefers when I can't see him when we talk.

	I start babbling, anything to keep him from giving up and running away. ”I wonder some times which way it went. I cut from it, or it from me. There are so many things I miss about being inside of those walls, but even if I could just walk back inside with no trouble I still wouldn't. The truth and honesty we have out here feels more real than anything in there."

	"That's not how it is for me at all. I saw so much death and destruction inside of there it robbed me of my ability to care at all. I don't care about anything."

	He looks at me again and I discover a deadness in his eyes far more frightening than the fire. I know that caring with all of our hearts and souls is what keeps us alive. Without that I don't understand what keeps him from curling up in a ball, and just waiting for death.

	"I don't believe you don't care. I think you care too much. Or maybe I just don't understand you at all."

	"Look I have to go. I think I need sleep or something." He gets up abruptly, like he has said too much. I don't try to stop him. I just watch him walk away feeling confused. He doesn't turn back as he walks away, nor when he stops to talk to Kosten. They both duck into his tent, and he is gone.

	I try to get back to my book, but I can't lose myself in it for trying to figure out what went wrong in the conversation. What went wrong in the relationship. Finally I give up the fight, put my book down and wander over to the kitchen area. I am cutting fruits and vegetables when Veratas comes over to find me.

	"Looks like you are thinking about something very hard, again."

	There is a short pause, and I look up from my cutting to him. "That's not really a question, but I have one for you. What are you doing out of your tent?” He looks completely busted, and it makes me giggle. I think I have laughed more since he has arrived than in months.

	“I was getting a little stir crazy sitting in a four by four tent. I needed to stretch my legs.”

	"I was thinking, yes. But it is not important now."

	“Important like you don’t want to talk about it?”

	I can’t help but shoot him an incredulous look. 

	“I really don’t want to talk about it.”

	“Ok, that is all right with me. I really came out to tell you something anyway.”

	I feel done with boys being vague with me right now, but when I look up into his eyes he isn’t playing dumb. He is eager, full of potential.

	“I saw how you looked at that guy earlier, so I wanted to go ahead and tell you something. I think you are gorgeous. That is part of why I felt like a fool.”

	I stammer, completely blown away by his forthright approach.

	“Do you really think this is the right time?”

	“Perfect. Out here I get the impression there isn’t a lot of time to waste, so I said my piece.” He leans in, and chastely kisses my cheek as if this happens all the time.

	I hear a whistle, and scan the crowd to see Chronos flagging me down.

	"It seems its time for my head to be on straight." My smile is only half fake as Veratas and I walk together towards the tent. I flag one of the banished off to my right and ask her to finish with the food, and let everyone else know the celebration will begin a few minutes after the meeting.

	Kairos holds open the flap to a tent that in its previous life was used by a circus. I walk over to the corner and lay down my gear. Only my original five clan members sit inside.

	Prairie, the last to join our group, bounces happily over to take her seat. She waves at me like a butterfly, and I still don’t know where how her boundless energy swells.

	“We have had a busy week, and it seems it is going to stay that way. I am glad we are able to meet before the celebration. We sent a group out to the West this morning, which means we have two groups of six left. That does not take into account, however, those who will be banished in these next days."

	Kairos can't help himself, “You know if they keep it up there won't be anybody left inside."

	We all laugh, but it feels like what he said is true. "No, there are probably not many them left, but there are enough. Speaking of which, we will need to make sure we keep constant watch tonight. Celebrations mean noise, which ups the likelihood of Serpent exposure, so let's make sure we have a proper guard."

	Chronos speaks this time, "Kairos and I have already come up with the schedule, and we can go over it before we leave. We will be well represented inside the circle and out."

	“I am sure you are all very interested in our newest arrival. Veratas is a very smart man. He was a bodyguard to an elite, and he has given me a little insight to the inside. I hope he will give us more.” I know I sound vague, but now all I can think about was his impromptu kiss. “This brings us directly to our last point. We all know we are going to have to move in a couple of days, because celebration land is tainted. So we will be heading north.”

	There is a grumble among the crowd, since north isn’t the way we had planned to move. “We will send our other groups south and west, but we are going to be needed up north. So is there anything else we need to talk about before we get ready?"

	Chronos clears his throat, and he and Kairos look at each other for a long moment. Chronos is the one who speaks for them both.

	"We haven't talked at all about our visitors. I am familiar with the stories of Kosten and Kurt, but this Reina is a complete mystery. And I don't want to doubt your trust in Kosten, but there are times it is hard to tell where even his loyalties lie."

	"Sadly, I probably know that better than you. What you should remember is he was not banished. He climbed willingly over all of those walls. And not because he was afraid, but because he couldn’t take the things they made him do anymore. We have problems on this side too, and he is not afraid of a fight. What scares him is the same thing that scares me, and that’s loss of freedom. I agree Reina is an unknown factor, and I would like for your schedule to include keeping an eye on her if you could." Chronos nods, clearly dissatisfied, but unwilling to push anything more.

	"Anything else? Anyone?"

	The group collectively says no, and moves to discuss the security for the Celebration. Cercis is the first to get me alone afterward.

	"Are you okay?’

	"Why wouldn't I be? Chronos was just doing what he does best, protecting us, and watching my back. I agree with him about Reina, but Kurt I trust completely. He has been through some things, but he doesn't burn inside like Kosten does. I know Kurt cares, and I would like to think he influences Kosten with that. The thing is I understand both sides of him, at least most of the time."

	"That is the problem Saniya. You haven't been the same since he, or Veratas got here. What was that earlier when you were talking about him?”

	I stumble, and can’t immediately answer. She doesn’t even give me a second before she is hammering me with more judgement. “He has you all turned around, and the rest of us aren't quite sure how to deal with that. What has him under your skin, and is he worth it, really?"

	"I have no idea. I don't know what is going on with either of them. Kosten and I haven't talked for more than a few minutes. Even Kurt and I talked for a few hours."

	"So I think you need to go talk to him."

	"You don't even know what a minefield that is."

	"Sweetie, what do you want to do? Who do you want to talk to?”

	“I only know what I need. I need to check on everybody and start the celebration.”

	“Fine keep running, but it is all going to catch up with you at some point.”

	I have no answer for her, and she seems to know this. She shakes her head, and moves over to where Cadeau and Demario are talking about Veratas. I feel rooted to the spot. As I stand all I can think is that Cercis is right. I am already in the middle of it, and it is impossible I didn't see it before. Even knowing it wouldn’t work, I desperately want to go to Kosten’s tent, and demand he answer my questions. To make him explain to me why he always rejects my attempts to get closer to him. Beyond that I am lost, so I decide to take Cercis' advice and try to find my way carefully out of this minefield.

	I feel stiff as I make my way out of the tent and across camp, and I focus on releasing my muscles. Then there he is waiting for me. Veratas smiling at me like a high watt light bulb. 

	"Saniya."

	"What did you come here to see me for?” I take a quick breath, and compose my expression. “Sorry, I just need to let everyone know the celebration will be starting soon." 

	I turn away, and it’s the tone of his voice that stops me. One that I truly believe could care about me.

	"I confused you when I kissed you. You have that confused face."

	I don't know what to say, so I just stand there, wishing I could shoot my bow or anything to release this tension.

	“You are the first person who has made me feel like this since my wife. I know I am coming off intense, but I can’t help it. Everything is more intense out here. You are concerned with our safety, and that is great. But this stuff matters too. I see that now.”

	He laughs, and kisses me again, but this time on my mouth. His is warm, and I can tell he stole some apple pieces from the kitchen. 

	“For some reason I don’t want you to stop that.” I smile, and feel a little more relaxed, but still exhausted.

	"Come here, and sit down. We need to talk about something, okay?"

	I oblige, although I can’t believe there is something else he needs to tell me. He smiles, and seems glad I am playing along.

	“The new girl, I think her name is Reina. I don't trust her. Something bad is going to happen.”

	“What? What do you mean?”

	“I can’t tell you anything more, but I just need you to know. Please don’t trust her.”

	I get up, and smile at him. ”I don't really trust her either. She hasn't been with us for very long, and I didn't really want to bring her here. But you know how short we are on time. You know we are moving on soon right?"

	“Yes. Is that an invitation?”

	"I am fairly sure she won't cause us any trouble in that time, and if she does you can certainly take care of yourself. Almost time for the celebration, anything else you want to talk about?"

	"No, can't think of anything." I am almost out of the flap when I feel him grab my hand.

	"Hey, Saniya, you don't need to take everything so seriously."

	"Veratas, we are in the middle of something very serious."

	“No, we are just in the middle of the truth.”

	I want to give him some of the comfort he has given me. It has been a terrible or wonderful few days for him depending on your perspective. So I lean down, and before I can think too much, I put all the emotions I haven’t been able to feel for years into a kiss.

	He surprises me by taking my hand, and walking with me all the way to the celebration fire. Most of my clan looks happy, or is too busy to notice. I catch a glimpse of Kosten watching me, and his face shows no emotion. I have Veratas sit next to me at my rock formation of a chair. I want to keep an eye on him. He looks so exhausted from everything, and worried. Maybe an hour later he has fallen asleep with his head on my bag, and a smile on his lips.

	“We have laughed, smiled, we ate and we drank. But we are also here for a reason. I want to share a story with you. It is a story that everyone who jumps the walls comes to know intimately. Without this story there would be no walls to begin with. Long ago there was a woman who loved her daughter more than anything on this planet. She loved her life, and enjoyed living it every day, but when push came to shove she would always remember that her daughter needed her. To keep her daughter safe she enrolled them in a clinic for some new vaccinations. Everything was going well until late one night the daughter got a rash at the injection site. The girl was crying and the mother was fretting so she piled them into the car and drove out to the clinic to ask the doctor for help.”

	“They were half a mile away from the clinic when an explosion occurred that was so violent the car was showered with debris. They managed to navigate through the larger chunks to discover that the clinic itself was the source of the commotion. There were a few dozen people outside running and screaming. She heard them yelling things about the doctor, but the most interesting thing to her were two men standing off to the side. She only saw them for a few moments before the sound of the helicopters drove out everything else. She looked up and tried to find them again, but they were gone.”

	“The black helicopters bore down and all the running people were gathered and taken away, including the mother and the daughter. It took two years to track down both of the men and by that time she was knew a lot more about the doctor, the black helicopters, and that night. One night sitting at the dinner table the mother and the two men sat talking. The little girl was supposed to be doing her math homework but she was older now, and she knew her mother was involved in something important. At that table over glasses of sweet tea and plates of cinnamon rolls the three decided to track down all the rest of the people who were witness to that night and see if they wanted to do something about it too.”

	“Ten years later the mother died with three hundred other protesters in an explosion the government labeled a terrorist attack on an office building in Washington D.C. Those deaths created the catalyst that took the revolution from underground to on the streets. No more than six months after that martial law was declared and the New Unificationists took control. The daughter, so many years earlier had been the bearer of the first RFID chip implanted in a human, and she became the leader of the revolution."

	Everyone is watching me, waiting for a signal of what is to come. They look like kids again, and for just a moment we step away from the brutality of the situation. The trouble is I can't let them forget, at least not completely. Later after we have spoken they can truly let go and celebrate, but we need to remember first.

	"For a good number of you this is the first time you have been to a Celebration. We always start them with a story that means something to us. After the story we talk about what is going on in the world as we know it. I know many of you are afraid, but soon it will seem routine. You will journey out to find another clan, or make one of your own, and carry on these traditions. We spend our days figuring out the best way to use our time, trying to catch up, and stay alive. These celebrations offer us an opportunity to come together and talk about the big picture. Are there any questions so far?"


Veratas

   	I am laying on Saniya’s bag fading in and out. It smells wonderful. Everyone is asking questions, and it is just too much to take in. The sedatives Saniya gave me with dinner are still in strong effect, and it is hard to focus through the haze. I give in to the feeling, and cuddle down as best I can. There are a few dozen people all around me, and I believe any one of them would help if I were in distress, especially Saniya. This idea comforts me, and I finally succumb to the sleep I have needed for hours.

	It doesn’t feel like thirty-seconds after I droop that there is a silence so awkward it jerks me awake. I look around and see everyone else on their feet. Decades of reflex snap and I am on my feet too, but the head rush is too intense. My head spins and I am back down, and now in pain. I feel a moment of distress, I want to ask out what is going on but everyone is silent, and there must be a reason.

	I feel someone, and then she is next to me, with her hands on the tops of my arms. She is steady, and I feel protected. I close my eyes, and concentrate on easing the throbbing in my head. As soon as I block out all the light and pain I can hear the sound that is disturbing everyone. I can hear it is a bird, but something feels wrong. It’s a tweeting chipper little birdsong but it is the middle of the night.

	She leans in close to my ear, “It is the warning signal. Serpents are on their way. Can you walk?”

	I open my eyes and rise as slowly as I need to, but I manage. Most of the clans have stolen their way out of the tent and are probably long gone on a safe route out through the woods by now. Of course Saniya’s clan has stayed behind, but I am surprised to see Kosten and Kurt have stayed as well.

	“Where’s Reina?”

	Saniya looks at me slack-jawed, and mouths, “Not now. Can you walk?”

	I slowly nod, and she grabs my hand. For once I am glad she is the evade-and-hide type rather than the run away type. She is able to move slowly, but effectively and soon she says we can take a break. After I crouch down and close my eyes for a minute I can control my stomach enough to look around. We are in the thick of the woods, and I have eyes on Cercis, Kosten and Chronos.

	I am not sure if Sayina sees Reina coming up behind Kosten with her gun at the ready. I barely have time to blink when an arrow comes in just inches from her head into the tree. Cercis has taken the shot, and I feel certain if she had only waited and let Sayina take the shot we wouldn’t still be dealing with this. But it is too late, and Reina has overtaken Kosten with surprise.

	“Kurt is already dead, he isn’t coming to save you. Put down your pitiful weapons.”

	Kosten cuts her off, “Go. She can’t hold all of us. I can keep her here, you guys get away.”

	Same as everyone else I look at Saniya.

	“Kosten, I have to keep you safe.”

	“No, you don’t. Don’t fight that losing battle anymore, you hear me? I know you have been looking for something real: veratas.”

	She looks down into my face, and I speak without thinking. “Sayina, I need you to help me.”

	Something shifts, and her face goes from conflicted to righteous. She nods, and I know I will be okay.

	“I understand.”