	"Now is really not the time, Beverly!" 

	“Hey, watch out!"

	"What the hell?"

	"I really must get out of here. It is almost time for my speech."

	"Who are you now, Albert?"

	"My name is not Albert. I am former President Bill Clinton, and I have to give a speech in less than an hour."

	"I can barely see anything. Why isn’t there a single street light out here?"

	"Well, if I can ever get to my speech I promise to improve the city's conditions. But I say to you, we must leave soon!"

	"Albert, get yourself together we are trying to do something here."

	"Let the crazy guy babble. This is pointless anyway."

	"This is not...oh shit! There he is."

	There is a lengthy pause. The next words are in the original voice, only now completely and obviously insincere.

	"We will never find our way. We need to find somebody to ask for directions."

	“No, I think we will be fine. I don't want to borrow, ouch! Bother, we shouldn't bother any locals."

	"As a former President, I still don't understand why we are doing this."

	"Albert! Er…Bill, whatever, either way."

	The voice drops into a whisper, like a mosquito buzzing around the room. A few more curses and the first voice returns. 

	"We have been wandering around for a long time now-"

	"Now that ain't a lie."

	"Eh hem. We have been at this for a while, so why don't we just break down, and ask someone?"

	"But who are we going to ask?"

	I don’t notice the voices coming closer, but maybe they just waited until they had spoken all their lines before moving. Either way, I will not waste time with a lie. When they appear in front of me I scream like a little girl. 

	Two men and a woman, all looking worse for the wear, pop their faces around the corner I am using to spy on their strange conversation. The girl's eyes are the first thing I see. They are a piercing brilliant green, but fierce and more than a little angry. Then one of the men comes closer. He isn't attractive or ugly, but still an unmistakable aura pulls me closer from that very first moment.

	"Excuse me?"	

	My tongue feels heavy and dry. I can’t immediately think of an appropriate response.

	"Um, yes?"

	"How would we find our way to the Houses on Stilts from here?"

	"What is that now?"

	"The Houses on Stilts, don't you know them?"

	"I am afraid I don't, but this is San Francisco and we have a lot of strange stuff, so I wouldn't be surprised. Do you know what it is near?"

	"I believe part of the charm of the Houses is that they are out in the middle of the desert."

	"Oh."	

	I shuffle uncomfortably. I really hate giving bad news. My experience has been whether it is fair or not, the messenger is always shot.

	"You are about two states away from desert. Sorry…”	

	I turn around and try to escape, but the man's voice brings me back.

	"Well, you certainly sound like you know what you are talking about. Why don't you show us?"

	"Show you the desert?"

	"Well, yes. I suppose you could see it that way."	

	I am beyond uncomfortable now, much more in the field of miserable. The way this guy is speaking is simultaneously causing a pit, and desirable butterflies in my stomach. I don't know whether to run, or agree to show him. I just stand there feeling stupid. The girl hasn't spoken since I have seen her, but her face is fascinating to me. I watch as her top lip curls, and her brows crowd together in frustration. The way her eyes fly open like a blow up doll just before she sneezes. So it was no surprise to me as we all stand there, one shuffling, one distracted, and one silently pleading, that she is the first to unleash. What really knocks me back is the force, and depth in her voice. I look twice to make sure it isn't really the other man speaking.

	"Are we all just going to stand here forever, or will someone make a danm decision?"

	"Beverly, keep your head."

	The third man finally speaks. His voice is reedy, and sounds different from how it had further down the alleyway.

	"If it counts, I agree with Beverly."

	"Bill?"

	"Albert."

	The girl snorts, and the still unnamed man makes a mew of confusion. 

	"What are we doing here? I told you, he is just some guy! He has no purpose in our journey."

	"That isn't true, Beverly. We need him."

	I watch them talk about me like I am not here for a minute. I am thinking this group is bananas, the unnamed man especially. But his eyes don't agree. Those two orbs open into a world of possibilities, and a remembrance of things loved.

	"My name is Benjamin, by and by."

	“My name is Audrey. You need me for what?” No answer, more silence. Against all of my better rationality, I choose in a deeper way than I have in months. 

	“Sure, I will show you."

	"Nu-fucking-uh."

	"I wonder if we won't show each other?” He says it like a question. “Nice shoes by the way.”

	Things move quickly after that, and I don’t have time to question my decision. By the time my brain catches up with reality I am a little concerned.

	"We need to move rapidly to get out of town by tonight."

	"Right. Out of town. Tonight? Could we run by my house? Grab a bag, some underwear, or something."

	I have been avoiding Beverly, but this comment is directly at me.

	"Do you have any masks at home? We are having a masked party tonight at the fire."

	"Um..." 

	Whatever I say next doesn't matter anyway. She is already dancing around everyone, taking punches at their arms. When she gets to me it hurts, but not too much. For some reason I think, she is taking it easy on me, but why?

	"Don't worry about that Beverly. I already have masks picked out for everyone."

	"No way! How did you do that?"

	She is happy about this surprise, which brings another round of punches. This time she doesn't hold back, and I dodge her for the rest of the walk. It occurs to me that no one has answered my question. Benjamin is up ahead walking so fast I can't catch up to him to push the issue. I think, wasn’t I invited to show them where to go?

	I follow along as quickly as I can, and with whatever extra energy I have I am listening to Albert, or sort of Albert. So far, he has asked to be called by four different names. There is Bill, the familiar voice from down the alleyway. Phillip is a homely man from Seattle. Then lastly Alec, who from the sound of it believes himself to be a Latino pool boy for a handsy matron. Benjamin and Beverly seem to take Albert the most seriously so I figure that is the real person, but who can tell. This one sounds like Phillip, a tiny voice I can only barely make it out through the wind.

	"Beverly, the violence is truly unnecessary."

	"Who are you now, Albert?"

	"Not Albert, Phillip."

	Phillip, in a move so slight a blink would have overtaken it, nods his head.

	“Beverly? How do you know that?"

	"The way he talks and walks. Phillip is a pussy."

	He can't even answer this time. There is silence for a while, so I figure it is a good time to ask, with a laugh.

	"Hey, I thought I was supposed to be leading you guys."

	"We have to get the rest of our group before you take over. Just enjoy yourself for tonight, and get to know everybody."

	"The rest of the group?"

	I speak it as a question, but Benjamin still offers no answer.

	We walk for about twenty minutes, or in our new measure of time, six personalities. This includes one brief visit from Bill Clinton, which sounds wildly stereotypical to me. We arrive in a clearing to the roar of applause. I am overwhelmed, and worried I look silly being persuaded by strangers to sit on a rock. I am trying to figure out everyone’s name, but even those who were familiar a minute ago are now a blur of excitement. There are only three new additions, but all six faces are whizzing by laughing and cackling.

	They are singing songs, and offering me things to drink. I take a sip, and it burns my throat like a dark whiskey. I try not to drink anymore, but they keep tilting up the cup. 

	Then there are fingers on the cup, and a hand on mine, prying them open, and the cup is gone. Palms and fingers interlocking, and I am hoisted to my feet, pulled into a dance. 	We are singing, I am singing, and we dance until we all fall down. Then there is the food, and everyone keeps telling me there will be masks at the fire soon. My stomach feels strange, but the food is comforting, so I eat fast. Then I sit with my plate, and go over and over everyone's name in my head.

	I know Beverly. She is loud, and eating with her mouth open so I don't watch her for very long. And Albert, who seems to be unencumbered while he eats. He is enjoying himself fully, and lending Paris his unwavering ear. Benjamin is already wearing his mask, sitting with feet flat on the ground, and a straight back on the rock where I sat earlier. I can't tell for sure, but it looks like he is proudly surveying the group. All I can see are his eyes shining brightly with the newly lit campfire.

	Then there is Paris. She gives me the willies, mostly because she is shamelessly staring at me. I can't tell if her twin sister is better or worse. Her name is London, and her eyes are questing, begging me for something. At least Paris is blunt.

	Benjamin is now standing on the rock, with his arms spread wide to the sky. He gestures for all of us to gather around him, and begins passing out masks. I take mine in my hands. It is blue, and will cover my whole face. I shrug my shoulders, put it on, and take a look at the rest of the group. I have no idea who is who anymore, except for Benjamin whose eyes still glitter in the blaze. By some unseen command, everyone takes a seat around him like Kindergarten story time.

	There is a sudden calm to the group, and even Beverly is quiet. Benjamin has resumed his seat on the rock, and his red sequin covered mask reflects the same sparkle as the fire. I feel like he is taking in the energy of the world, which is strange because I never think things like that. I think something about this open breeze makes me feel free. The air is dry, and kisses my skin without temperature change. I can see Benjamin completely appreciates this taste of life, too.

	“I am so happy we are here tonight. Especially because we are here in honor of our very special guest.”

	Everyone looks at me. I try to smile, but no one can see under my mask. So I nod, but everyone has looked back at Benjamin by now. 

	"I want everyone to get a good night's sleep. To help I will tell you my very favorite fairy tale. My mother used to tell me this one all the time, and I can't wait to share it with you.”

	"Imagine, if you can, a much colder place. In fact, it is so cold there, that you have to wear three coats to bed, and four pairs of long johns. Snuggled up in your bed, happy as can be, and you know that it will continue because you are protected. You aren't entirely sure who it is that you are being protected from, but that is okay, because your guard is on the ready anyway.

	They are the monsters under your bed, but unlike most children, they aren't the source of the fear, but the comfort. They are all different shapes, some blobby, some sharp, and all the different colors of the rainbow. They would fly out from under the bed, and circle around, in their own synchronous orbit of defense. Each with a little spear in their hand, and horns on their heads.”

	“It always happens just as you are falling asleep. You start to nod off, and there is the moment where you can hear what is around, but your mind is somewhere lost inside of itself. That is when you jerk awake, or so you think; you aren't sure. There is someone walking into the room, you don't know whom, it is all grayed out, but sometimes it smells like a man and sometimes a woman. The shadow is short, and tall; wide and thin. No matter what shape or size, every time the monsters spring out, and the shadows run away scared. So go to sleep tonight, my dears, knowing that your wonderful monster ranks will assist you all night long.”

	There are murmurs of appreciation, and a round of applause. Benjamin gladly accepts the praise, but I don't join in. We are up, dancing, and drinking again. Except now with all the masks, no one is sticking to one partner, and the dance becomes something more like a Scottish dance, where the men toss the women across the floor in an intricately choreographed chaos. I am laughing, and my stomach is lurching, in a good way, from the movements, so we dance and dance. One by one, we drop down, and fall asleep, Paris, and Benjamin are the only ones I can recognize before I close my eyes and fall into a deep slumber under this spell. Just for the last moment as I am about to fall asleep I think, this is going to be the greatest adventure I have ever had.