    Dead center of the main strip downtown is one of the most popular and obviously named clubs, Love in the Air. This is the kind of place where you have to yell to be heard, but you might as well not even try. Our interest this evening awaits next door, at a generic bar simply named Spillover. On this mostly empty Tuesday the air is thick with sweat. The air conditioner is broken, but it doesn’t stop the regulars. It just means most of them order their drinks on the rocks. Patricia, the bartender, is in the back pulling a new draft, and a young man has been doing the impatience dance at the bar for five minutes.

   	“Can you please not do that?”

	He looks around, and the only person near enough is a girl curled around a Long Island Iced tea with her forehead resting against the cool glass. 

	“What now?”
	

	“You are making it hotter in here, dancing around like that.”

	Instead of a retort, he gapes, and blinks vaguely a few times. Random had been watching her for a while, and he could never pass on an interesting time. She looks like she can deliver, and he is glad she took the bait. He twists his body around, and thrusts his hand towards her for a shake. She ignores his request, so he continues as if she had.

	"Hey there!" He points at himself. “Random!”

	“Brandon?”

	“Random.”

	She looks confused, and he decides to try a different approach. He points at her, “What’s your name?”

	“I feel like that is getting a little too comfortable.”

	“If I beat you in a game of pool will you tell me your name?”

	She looks at him directly for the first time, and hunts his appearance for an obvious game. She can’t find one, and he smiles comfortably at her probing.

	Her face breaks into an incredible smile, and she laughs in a way that makes his heart burst. Patricia returns at the perfect moment, and emblazoned with confidence he gets her attention.

	“Another drink for me and the lady, and change for the pool table please.” The bartender nods in response, and moves to make the two drinks.

	She was feeling stranded up to now, annoyed with her friend for bailing on her in this broken down dump of a bar, but as she steps over to a nearby table to dig through her purse for some quarters, she thinks there may be hope yet. Once she has scavenged up enough, she heads over to the jukebox to pick some songs, and then commandeers the nearest pool table for the entertainment. Random puts the quarters in the table, and she snickers again at such a ridiculous name. She wants to ask him if it is a nickname, but she hasn’t even told him her own name yet so he probably wouldn’t answer. She turns around to pick her cue, and discreetly study the wiry guy racking up the table.

	"Are you mad because your friend left you alone?”

	She jumps at such a direct question, and prays he didn’t see her checking him out. “Yes.”

	"Yeah, I saw that.” He is quiet much longer than he needs to be. He has the table racked up perfectly, and his cockiness makes her wonder how good he actually is. 

	“So are you really going to make me win the game before you tell me your name?”

	“Make two shots, and then we will talk.”

	She walks over to the cue ball, slides the stack of quarters to the side, and makes two balls in the break. It takes ten minutes for him to get his two shots. She feels bad since he is losing, so he gets to find out her name is Bianca. He smiles, and nods his head slowly.

	"I like it. My real name is Noah, but everyone calls me Random.”

	"I was only going to ask if you won," to which he replied with a streak of four successful shots.

	He ends up winning the first game, and one more, and then she wins two. By the end of the evening they were tied in score, and booked for a second date.

	Bianca works at the Willowhouse Theater, and by the next weekend she is deep into hell week. She has rescheduled on Random three times, and he is starting to get irritated. It finally comes to the time of their latest scheduled dinner date, and she tries to do it again. He tells her it is right now, or never.

	“Really? Right now?”

	“Meet me outside of Ferris Theater in fifteen minutes or no deal.”

	She thinks for a minute about his smile, and how much she laughed that night. Her answer is clear, “I will see you there.”

	It is all worth it when he sees her turn the corner and start towards him down the block. She has a bouncy walk, and a brilliant smile as she comes rushing over, checking her watch.

	“I had to move some things around, and they aren’t happy, but I got here in time. So what movie are we seeing?”

     “I already got tickets to a classic Johnny Depp date movie, Crybaby.”

     “Crybaby? I’ve never seen it.”

     “Well, I am going in now to get a soda, some popcorn, maybe even some Raisinettes. If you want to see this movie, then come on.”

     She follows him through the door, but once inside she stops and considers. “You know you really are quite bossy.”

     “I haven’t told you to do anything. Anytime I ask a question you changed your mind. So now I am just speaking out loud what I am going to do.”

     They make it all the way to the concessions line, and he is fascinated by the way her blonde curly hair moves. She walks right up to the counter, orders, and pays for herself. He thinks she is probably upset with him, but he just keeps watching her, feeling no need to press. Once they find seats among the five other people in the theater she loosens up. They have a great time making fun of each other, asking questions, and laughing. Even once the movie starts, the old couple in front of them has to tell them to be quiet the entire time. 

    By the time they leave the diner next to the movie theater, neither Random nor Bianca are ready to separate. He walks her to the theater a few blocks away, and they talk for a few minutes. He starts doing the same dance he did at the bar the first night, and she can’t take his obvious discomfort, so he asks if he would like to come in and help. Three hours later, he walks her home, and there they find Bianca’s roommate Shannon crying on their front steps. Her boyfriend never showed up for their date, and then dumped her over text message. Shannon’s heart is broken.



	Random and Bianca have been dating for two years. They have gone on vacation together, met the other’s parents, and moved in together. However, on this particular evening they are having a fight that is feeling all too familiar. His clothes are all over her apartment floor, the toilet seat is up, she has too many rules, too many opinionated friends.

	“I just don’t understand, Random. If you weren’t out with some other girl, where were you?”

	“I was...I was just out. Please don’t push this. Don’t you trust me?”

	“That is exactly what I am trying to figure out.”

	“You really don’t know by this point?” Her face crumples, and he feels his resolve breaking. “I am trying to get you a present, a surprise. I want to keep it secret. Just a little while longer.”

     “And I am just supposed to believe that?”

     They both look exhausted.

	“I am really hoping that you do.”

     She is struggling, tested for the first time in their relationship on true faith, and he can tell this choice is really difficult for her. They go back and forth for another while, but in the end she takes the leap and trusts him. It keeps her on edge for a few days, which Random can sense.

	There is nothing he can do, it takes a month for the package to arrive from his family in Greece. That night when she gets home their apartment is decked out in all the romantic regalia Random can imagine. She forgets she ever doubted him when she spies him there on one knee in the middle of dozens of rose petals.

	“Bianca, I love you so much more than I have loved anyone. I knew we would be here one day when I saw you sweating at that bar. You complete my heart, and I want you to forever.”

	He looks at her longingly, and chokes up a little as he whispers, “Marry me?”

	“Yes, yes, yes! Thank you! Yes!” And she leaps happily into his arms.	



     Their wedding is the dream she always wanted, and he beams the whole time to see her so happy. Three years later they have a son, and a daughter two years after that. Their life is filled with love, laughter, fights, and work. Even twenty-five years later it is still a nightly ritual to sit on the porch after dinner and talk about their day. On this particular evening Bianca laughs as she remembers how they met at the bar, so long ago. Random confesses, not for the first time, how she took his breath away the first time he saw her. It gives her so much pleasure to remember the life they have shared, and imagine the years that will come. He reaches over to hold her hand, and she smiles in delight.

     “I love you so much, Random.”

     “I love you too, sweetheart. It’s a beautiful sunset tonight, isn’t it?”

     “Of course it is.”