&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp	There is a foot wide path along the floor creating the track he uses to race around the room in panic. When they are not plying through objects, his fingers clench in and out. A vein in his neck pulses at an alarming rate. He briefly touches any paperwork his eyes land on, and there is plenty to choose from. Once it is rejected, he tosses it into the air fueling a snowstorm that swirls around the room in his wake. The search is quickly devolving to a frantic, and unproductive ransack. The clock strikes the hour and every part of his body jerks in an awkward skeletal dance, as if the old Grandfather is somehow shocking him as it chimes.

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp	She had promised at three not to bother him for a full hour. Now it is four, and she crashes through the door purposefully. He makes no outward signs of noticing her entrance, and stays leaning against the desk. After a beat she changes tactics. Her previously blank face jumps into a smug grin, complete with a distinct saunter to her hips. He returns to his whirlwind, not paying her any attention. In a desperation move, she bitterly clears her throat. He drops down to his knees at the desk, raking drawers out to rifle through the contents. Since her guttural interruption his body has tensed up considerably. He sighs, defeated, and turns his head. Their eyes seek, lock, and she takes the opportunity to flicker her eyelashes becomingly.

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp	It doesn’t appear to have the desired effect. His top lips curls as if presented with Limburger cheese rather than a seductive wife. Her face returns with a mouth open in a circle, and eyes bright blue, wide. There passes an uncomfortable moment, and both freeze with hesitancy. He breaks the impasse first, electing to return to his destructive search. The fact that he has blatantly ignored her, again, causes rage to cloud her face.

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp	She was never one to stay hidden, and he knows this. She crosses the room, kicking debris, and pushes a rolling chair directly in the middle of his piles. He resounds by crawling around on all fours, the better to pick through page after page. He creates a new corridor, as an ant will make endless tunnels if given enough dirt. This time he is winding all the way from the desk to the other corner of the room. Over here stands a television, with a radio resting on top. His goal is the small table holding it all up, with a drawer and still more paper. She watches him with cat-like eyes, but makes no further move towards him.

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp	The clock strikes the half hour, zapping them both this time, and she starts making little piles on the floor to release some of her tension. He shoots her a quick glare, but she focuses on creating small order among chaos. With enough space excavated, she slips from her position on the chair to the floor, and continues to work around at arm’s length making random piles. He spares her one more glance, and then decides ignoring is still the only way. He moves back across the room so his back is to her. 

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp	His excitement is renewed by a stack that looks promising, but a flip through proves it is too old to contain the file he needs. He throws it back down, and then with a second thought picks it back up, and tosses it into the pile next to the desk. As he does, he catches a look at her from the side, and in shock doubles back to be sure. Just as he suspected, she sits in the middle of a five-foot circle of empty space with perhaps ten teetering piles of paper on one side. She perches in the center, like a queen lounging on her throne; a look of pure accomplishment on her face. 

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp    He reacts as though she is a Tyrannosaurus Rex. If he stays still, he may get out with his life. She continues to beam, and he sees his hopes crumble. As long as she is mad, he has an opportunity to make things better, but now she is being nice. He has to notice her, otherwise, things get much worse.

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp	It is clear to her he has no idea what he has forgotten, and how little interest he has in finding out. She stands up with a dramatic flourish, but in her mind infinite patience. She strides over to what was once his desk, and continues his earlier task of upending it. She is halfway down the side when she exhumes the remains of his day planner. In a crafted move that makes his shoulders cringe, she cracks the spine to the correct page, and lets it fall to his feet.

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp	He avoids touching it. Instead he crouches down to the carpet, and examines the evidence in his trial. She stands there, increasingly impatient as the clock continues to tock, and her right foot tapping out a syncopated tattoo on the floor. There, written neatly in her handwriting is the damning proof, ‘Ten Year Anniversary!’ even down to a little heart over the ‘I.’

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp	He stands in the center of an active minefield. He needs to get out soon, but carefully. This is clearly not happening fast enough for her rapidly rising heart rate. His mind flounders for a chance to save this. In every one’s life, these things happen eventually. He can see, and hear the indicators of a full blowout imminent. He is racking his brain for any correct answer. Now fierce breathing joins her foot. It begins to dawn on him, maybe there isn’t one.

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp	The lit fuse finally hits the bomb. Her foot stops for one aching second, then stomps with a surprising, renewed strength. This unexpected outburst knocks him off balance in his delicately perched position, and flat onto his butt. He bounces a little, but then recovers quickly back onto his feet.

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp	He hadn’t yet decided on a particular course of action, but the situation is decided when he hears a giggling come from her direction. Apparently, a little Three Stooges was all it took. The authenticity is what breaks through her fury. She composes herself, picks her way carefully through the destruction, and digs all the way to bottom of a pile near the door. Within thirty-seconds, she has recovered the file he searched for over two hours to find.

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp	Without a moment of hesitation, disregarding all the paths, he plows through the wreckage, and wraps his arms around her shoulders. She lets the file fall out of her hands, and willingly relaxes into his embrace, with her arms around his neck. He leans back, and looks into her eyes, which have softened considerably. 

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp    He dips forward almost imperceptibly, and she responds in kind, with pleasantly closed eyes. If this hadn’t happened a million times in their marriage, she would have never noticed, but as their lips meet she feels relaxed for the first time that day.

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp    She pulls back, and takes his hand to guide him out of his self-imposed prison back into the real world. He feels a wave of guilt, but it is quickly overwhelmed with love as he sees the dining room set up for a beautiful romantic dinner. They kiss again, and although it isn’t the perfect happily forever after they imagined as children they feel warmed by a love that knows happiness and sadness. A truth that endures beyond individual moments to a desire to be with each other, and compatible to the other’s needs. It can sometimes be forgotten, but when it works, in equal measure remembered.